Respond to CC feedback on #238 (#239)
mongodb/docs-golang: source/fundamentals/connection.txt

``maxPoolSize=20`` and ``w=majority``. To learn more about connection
options, read the :ref:`golang-connection-options` section of this guide.

> To connect to MongoDB, create a client by passing your connection string

Reviewer: Suggestion:
On a second read, I think the term "client" needs an introduction and this seems to be a good place to transition. I think one of the better solutions is to separate the explanation of how the Connection URI relates to the client into a sub-section since this one is about the Connection URI.

E.g.

```
MongoDB Client
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You need to create a MongoDB client to manage your connection 
and run database commands. To create a client, call the ... method 
and pass it your connection string and any options...

< perhaps link to some docs about the client and options >

In the options, you can set the Stable API version. The Stable API 
option ensures that your application runs commands that are
compatible with future server versions... Learn more about...
```

and any options. In the options, you can set a Stable API server version
to avoid breaking changes when you upgrade to a new server version. To
learn more about the Stable API feature, see the :ref:`Stable API page
<golang-stable-api>`.

> The following code shows how you can instantiate a client that uses your

Reviewer: Suggestion: 

I think it could be good to use consistent terminology whether "create" or "instantiate".
```suggestion
The following code shows how you can create a client that uses your
```

``maxPoolSize=20`` and ``w=majority``. To learn more about connection
options, read the :ref:`golang-connection-options` section of this guide.

> Create a Client to Connect to MongoDB

Reviewer: Suggestion:
Maybe the information on this page could be organized as follows:

Connection URI
- Compose a Connection String
- Create a Client to Connect to MongoDB

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You need to create a client to connect to MongoDB, manage your
connection, and run database commands. You can create a client by
passing options to the ``Connect()`` method. These options

> include your connection string and any other client options.

Reviewer: Issue:

I think there's ambiguity in the current presentation of "options" that might only be specific to the Golang driver.

In the driver, there's an "option" package from which you access the Client and include your connection string via ApplyURI(). However, the general term "option" describes something that you can omit (and doesn't have a default value) and have it function properly. I think the Client() contains a default value (mongodb://localhost:27017) when you just instantiate with "mongo.NewClient()". This allows you to connect locally, but it would be good to identify as required in all cases except when you're connecting locally to the default port, especially since the prior content describes the connection string in detail. 

Suggestion:

You can create a client by calling the mongo.NewClient() method. You can specify your connection string and other connection options using the options package. To specify your connection string, call the method ApplyURI() on the options package. To specify <other options such as... > call < other methods >. Pass your options to the Connect() method to connect to the MongoDB deployment that you specified in your connection string.

To learn more about creating a client in the {+driver-short+}, see the
API documentation for `Client <{+api+}/mongo#Client>`__ and `Connect()
<{+api+}/mongo#Connect>`__.

> In the options, you can set a Stable API server version to avoid

Reviewer: Suggestion:

Avoid the options package ambiguity mentioned in the other comment.
```suggestion
You can set a Stable API server version option to avoid
```

``maxPoolSize=20`` and ``w=majority``. To learn more about connection
options, read the :ref:`golang-connection-options` section of this guide.

Connection Example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To connect to MongoDB, you need to create a client. A client manages
your connections and runs database commands.

You can create a client by calling the ``Connect()`` method. You can
specify your connection string and other client options by using the
``options`` package. You can specify your connection URI by passing it
to the ``ApplyURI()`` method. You can set any other options by using

> methods from the options package.

Reviewer: Suggestion:

The last two sentences seem to have some redundancies with the second sentence, so I think it can be made more concise. Also, keep consistent with the formatting for the "options package" so that it's less likely to get confused with "[client] options".

E.g.

You can pass your connection string and other client options to the Connect() method using methods in the options package. To specify your connection URI, pass it to the ApplyURI() method. To specify other options, call the appropriate helper method from the options package. (note that you should apply monospace where appropriate)
